README.md, before:

# TurtleController
control turtles from a web browser using websockets

yes I am ripping off ottomated, but this is a project I made without using his code

notes for running: 
install the json file in the folder turtle_client as an api for the turtle.
do so by running "pastebin get 4nRg9CHU json" in the turtle.
then, in a command line, run "tsc index.ts" in order to compile the server file, 
then run "node index.js". copy the resulting wss:// link
then open the file index.html in a web browser, and paste the wss:// into the first text box,
and then clicking "connect". 
then install the turtle.lua on the turtle, but paste whatever was after the wss:// in the link into the part
in the beginning where it defines the variable "Websocket_ip". then run the file.

if everything went correctly, the turtle should now have a label.


to do: 

proper communication between server, web client, and turtle.
make web client look nice.
fix web client so i dont have to send messages using inspect element's console.
update readme.md

Commit message:

first commit in a year lets gooo
I had been working on this project for most of this time when I could -- provided real life didn't get in the way. It's certainly been a process, and I've learned a lot though this project. If I may, a word of advice: read ALL the related documentation of what you are using. I lost and had to make up ~6 months of work because I didn't read that Server Sent Events are unidirectional. Had that not happened, this update would have come much sooner.

README.md, after:

# TurtleController
Control turtles from a web browser using websockets!

## Running the Server 
Run `index.js` with node. It should give you a port to run the project off of. 
I would recommend connecting the server to a tunnel service.
The files for the web client will be served from the root directory of the server (In other words, just go to `https://localhost:3000` or whatever website you are running this off of to access it).

## Installing the code on the turtles
In computercraft, open up your turtle. Run the following commands:
`pastebin get iYyAqfMA turtle.lua`
`pastebin get AJrZke6q myFun.lua`
This will install the turtle - side code for this project to run. 
All you need to do now is connect it to the server. 
This can be done by running `./turtle.lua` in the turtle's console, and then typing in the URL to your server.
__Please Note:__ The url inputted needs to be of either `http://` or `https://`.


If you have any feedback, do not hesitate to make a new issue or a fork. I would love to collaborate with other people on this.
